https://codepen.io/matt22881/pen/vYGJogY?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    language that describes and gives the content of a web page
    2. What is HTML used for?
    marking up the structure and content of a web page
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    a property of a componnent to a page explained by and put in the html tag
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    the main and most important heading, should only be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    id and class
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    so a browser knows how to read it
    7. What is an id?
    an identifer used to select a single element
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any element with it's own tag
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    only once
    10. What is a class?
    an identifer used on a number of seperate elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any elements with their own tag
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many as you like
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target='_blank'
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    what to display if the image can't be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is more like a chapter in a book where div is specific to a section you want a particular style for
    17. What is CSS used for?
    styling a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    follow it with curly brackets Example - h2 {<style here>}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    an id is for one particular element rather than a number (class) of them Exapmle - the 4th of 7 paragraphs
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    with a period .
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human" {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    used to pick a particular element from a group...useful when that group may not always be of the same size
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    a:link.sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    used to indicate when an element is in a particular state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; text-transform: lowercase; text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: dotted;
        border-width: '1px';
        border-color: black;
    }
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    rm
    34. Why should I use version control?
    helps recovering from mistakes and prevent full data loss if you have a local issue
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every 20 minutes or any time a major change is confirmed working
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
    fork the repo, add TL as collaborator, clone locally, do project, push to github, pull request when done

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    a block element will appear on its own line, inline elements can show up right beside what was last displayed
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
    it position is set and other elements behave as if it weren't there
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
    use max-width: instead of width:
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    block: div, p, h1  --  inline: span img  --  inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them?
    the box model explains the spacing around an element and how it relates to the objects around it.  the "fix" i think is referring to box-sizing:border-box where the overall size up to and including the border (not the margins ☹️) is used unlike the default model that doesn't account for borders and padding in the element size
